What is your COVID-19 web app name?<br>
My COVID-19 web app name is COOP-Lab.<br><br>

What is your motivation?<br>
My motivation for this was seeing how video conferences, during classes and even as my family were working online, would be unreliable to properly share information, beign constantly live could lead to unstable connection, or other issues as such, and things get so scattered around, the same can be seen with information regarding new discoveries and innovations regarding COVID-19, it's everywhere but so spread out, making it hard to follow through updates and possibly even harder getting some help for development, thus I thought of this. A platform or application that would act as a medium for all the researches and discoveries involving COVID-19, for easier access and visibility.<br><br>

Link to your Sitemap, Wireframe, and Video Pitch<br>
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1CbQF8VOjcY7BZlXOAW0hHZexf40apHin?usp=sharing <br><br>


What are the web tools you used to create your web app?<br>
In terms of online tools that helped me out in the making of this, is LayoutIt (https://grid.layoutit.com/), this one helped me create the grid and the layout, helped separate things too, since I didn't have the proper time to adjust to boostrap yet. Another helpful web tool is CodePen, sometimes I used it to check my code as a draft or see where things might've went wrong. Lastly, I've been using a ColorZilla Extension Tool in my browser to get colors from any page to help me out, it's very convenient. Lastly, a tool not on the web, the one I use most of the time for encoding is "Notepad++", bless it.  <br><br>


Discuss what you learned in this (a) COVID-19 web app project and (b) Web Development 1 Course/Subject.<br>
I've learned several aspects, the basics mostly, some some were quite difficult or complex, but I managed to get the work done once necessary. A lot of studying, and reviewing and especially double-checking, specifically to the codes and files. A little misplacement or mishap could cause very big issues. (a) I learned about a lot of different aspects while searching around to get the look somewhat on point, I saw codes that involved Search/Filter/Select but unfortunately that needed a sheet, and it wasn't free. I learned a lot of things that I most of the time had to double check, there was a lot of activities so whenever I had the chance, I would save links and resources and send them to myself as notes for future moments. Bootstrap helped a lot in terms of ease, though the grid was hard to manage at points since it could be in a fixed width or height, not as flexible as I hoped. But the best part of it all was the icons, and symbols I find it very interesting. A general observation though, is that it's complex, very complex, it would need a lot more time to actually make it fully functional and my respect for Web Designers and Programmers have greatly increased. (b) In this course, I learned not only stuff I mentioned in the (a) answer, but I also learned about virtues and tactics while going through this subject. In general design and layout make a lot of impact, since the way it's being interacted with and the arrangement might change its functionality as well. Layouts were also the big obstacle I had to overcome multiple times in different projects.


What is something you need to improve on Web Development?<br>
Personally, to be honest, I wasn't sure I wanted to be in this course, hence I tried to do my best, see where I end up, and in terms of improvements I know I have a lot to take into consideration, I need to learn how to do frameworks properly, possibly see the shortest and most efficient way to handle things, and hope for the best my brain won't overthink repeatedly. Though, it's hard to make a standard or a baseline and see where I go from there since, I'll admit, sometimes the range of difficulty for the examples being given in lecture and the task given in exams/quizzes/activities are inconsistent. Which impacts my academic performance, since expectation vs reality or the sudden basics to boss level in one hour or in a day can rattle anyone's bones. I get rattled very easily, which is something that impacts my outputs so I need to improve on that as well. 
